Platinum Arts - Bringing Imagination To Life

Platinum Arts Sandbox is the game design tool based on the Cube 2 engine that allows users to quickly and easily create and edit their own worlds in game, even cooperatively. It is free, open source, and easy to use for Kids and Adults!

The project is to remain open source and free so that developers and kids can help add new content and features to help make Platinum Arts Sandbox the most fun and easy world creation tool possible.  Platinum Arts Sandbox will be easy enough for kids to use but also powerful enough for full game projects.

Main Feature List:
- The ability to map edit in game in real time and cooperatively with other people.
- The ability to immediately play with and interact with map editing changes
- Many Models to drop into the map including trees, food, tools, structures, etc.
- Several custom maps that will feature slides, jumping levels, mazes, amusement park rides, etc
- The pursuit of making it as easy as possible to add map features and content.  Also the addition of new entities to add even more features and capabilities.

The Platinum Arts Sandbox RPG is a branch off of the main version of Sandbox which features the adventures of Master Chef Ogro.  The RPG features produce magic and monsters and many levels to explore.  The project has been kept kid friendly with mild animated combat which features monsters becoming "full" and unable to attack. The RPG contains many new powerful features, including the ability to easily add and tweak monsters, spells, etc in the /data/game_rpg.cfg  We hope you enjoy it, please leave feedback so we can improve it!

For the current features being worked on please check the forums at http://SandboxGameMaker.com

Platinum Arts Sandbox RPG Episode 1 Team:

Michael Tomaino aka calimer - Project Lead/"Visionary"/Level Designer/PR dude/Coding
Hirato - Coding
Sonic - Levels: Dungeon 2, Newforest
Wolf - Levels: Cave, Glitchworld, Glitchworld22
Naruto - Creative Consultant
Captain Ahab - Modeler

Translators - Status Updates here: http://www.sandboxgamemaker.com/wiki/index.php?title=Translations
Ben 'gamshobny' Tilma: Dutch Translation
Lucas Orsvärn: Swedish Translation
xenios and Malte Fiala: German Translation

Main Contributors:
aard:  Cube 2 Engine and graphics
DCP: Models
Geartrooper: Models including the cart model, Robochimp, Fish and the Ogre :)
KaiserTodretter: Models
Kurtis84: Models and Graphics
Makke: Graphics and Models
Nieb: Models
Offtools - MovieCube
Quin: Cart Code
Tentus: Models
James "ZKAT8IT" Burns: Sandbox Launcher and Source  Webpage: http://www.virtualdarkarts.net/news.htm

Thank you to everyone else who helped with the Sandbox RPG :)  Individual readmes are in content directories.

Any new members and/or contributors would be more than welcome!  Please sign up in the forum!

I want to give a big thanks to Wouter van Oortmerssen aka aard who is the creator of the Cube 2 engine which powers Platinum Arts Sandbox.  Also a big thanks to Eihrul who is the main coder and keeps keeping Cube 2 going strong and everyone who has contributed to the Cube 2 project and made it the great engine that it is.

Platinum Arts LLC is operated and owned by Michael Tomaino.  
To contact him please e-mail him at PlatinumArts@gmail.com

We have a developer IRC channel at irc.OFTC.net #Sandbox  This is a developer chat and recommended for adults ONLY.  I cannot be responsible for anything said in there that may be inappropriate.

http://SandboxGameMaker.com
http://PlatinumArts.Net (recommended for adults only)
Platinum Arts is a trademark of Platinum Arts LLC  
Bringing Imagination To Life is a trademark of Platinum Arts LLC


